this video tutorial will demonstrate
basic design tools you will learn about
the draw tool shape tool and text tool
that you can use while creating projects
and presentations and explain everything
use the draw tool to create drawings
write or highlight text change the color
of the pattern by choosing one of the
preset colors while the draw tool is
active tappings icon to change drawing
properties here the thickness of the
line can be changed to access more
colors tap the active color picker
choose one of the 11 preset colors or
change to a custom color by accessing
the full color pallet and brightness
slider
the eraser can erase a part of your act
of drawing change the eraser thickness
by tapping the erase tool icon
when finished with a drawing choose the
hand tool to move the object around and
scale it tap the draw tool to set
properties for a new drawing
each time the draw tool has changed to
any other tool the drawing becomes a
separate object which can be moved
around with the hand tool
set the color transparency by using the
opacity slider in the color picker menu
this can be used to add shadows or
highlight text drawings automatically
stick or a group to any object they are
drawn on whether it is a document an
image or another drawing the shape tool
can create different styles of shapes on
the stage
tap the shape tool icon to access it
once the shape has been added to the
stage the hand tool becomes
automatically activated and the shape
can be moved rotated and scaled double
tap a shape to edit it use the gray
circles around the shape to change its
size and proportions tap once on the
stage to exit the edit mode then double
tap the shape tool icon to choose a new
shape type the style and Colour of a
shape can be changed before it is added
on the stage the shadow underneath the
shape can be disabled here the border
width can be controlled with the border
slider to change the color of the shape
to a custom one tap the active selected
color picker while the shape tool is
active to make a shape transparent use
the opacity slider when at 0% only the
border of the shape will be visible tap
the outline tab to change the properties
of the border in the same way as the
fill
the color picker can also be used while
editing a shape this way the color and
opacity of it can be changed after it's
been added to the stage when everything
is set tap anywhere on the stage to hide
the menu and tap again to exit the shape
editing mode use the text tool to insert
text boxes with custom fonts and styles
tap the text tool icon tap once on the
stage to insert a text box when the text
has been entered tap once anywhere on
the stage to hide the keyboard drag the
resize icon to change the size of the
text box tap the checkmark to accept
changes text objects can be manipulated
just like any other object while the
hand tool is selected DoubleTap the text
box to edit it text can be copied and
pasted made bold italicized or
underlined text can be aligned left
right or Center and subscript or
superscript Styles can be applied to
change font properties tap the text to
lock on
while it's active tap the font name to
set a different font
change the font size by tapping the up
or down buttons show or hide a border on
the text box by tapping the border
button at the bottom of the menu to
change the color of the text tap one of
the inactive color Pickers to set a
custom color by tapping the active color
picker a second time use a transparent
draw tool as a highlighter to mark
important information before during or
after creating content all actions on
the stage can be recorded with audio
narration to capture explanations and
the thoughts behind them